
-- show logo and name --

Hello. In this video I'll show you the simple project tracker called Nelia1.
It's purpose is to quickly capture smaller project ideas and track milestones
with associated features and issues.

-- blend in Nelia1 window --

So, this is the starting window. It displays a list of projects store in the
current document. The application stores the data in local documents. Each of
these can contain any number of projects. I'll quickly create two sample
projects for demonstration.

-- open the new project dialog --

The project information that you can specify in the new project window will help
you to sort through your projects. The name of the prject could be anything --
enter a InkBrush -- With the type, status and category dropdown you can specify
these attributes of your project. The first sample will be a graphics
application that is in design status. You can set a subjective priority and
challenge and add a general description.

-- submit project --

Controls are shown based on context. Now that there is a project in the list, it
can be edited and deleted. Additionally you can now save the document, as it has
been changed. The project description box shows the description of the currently
selected project and can be used to edit the description. I'll continue creating
the second sample appliaction.

-- create second sample --

The headers can be used to sort through the projects. Creation and modification
date are tracked automatically. It's recommended to sort based on the
modification date to keep the newest changes on top. The layout of the tables is
stored in the configuration and will be restored the next time the application
starts.

-- switch to log tab --

The log tab is a simple, sequential table containing your development log or
diary. Notice how the currently selected project is displayed in the top line
and title. This log list belongs to this project only.

-- create two sample log entries --
-- switch to the roadmap tab --

This is the roadmap tab. It tracks the milestones for the selected project.
Milestones can contain milestone items called features and issues. There is a
general milestone description box that belongs to the currently selected
milestone, right now 0.1. I'll add two issues and a fetaure to show you how
milestone items work.

-- create a feature --

The first line holds the name of the milestone item. The button below shows the
target milestone, wich is the currently selected milestone by default (more on
this later). Type, priority and category of the milestone item are used for
sorting and filtering through them. Description is to detail the particular
specifics of the milestone item.

-- submit milestone item --

As you can see, this list behaves similarily to the project list. The selected
item description box will show you the currently selected milestone. The table
can be sorted. Additionally this witdet contains a set of filter controls for
the milestone items that show or hide them.

-- create other two milestone items --

As hinted before, the the items in this list belong to the currently selected
milestone. This can be changed with the milestone selection control. The
milestones are automatically maintained by the application. Each time you add a
milestone item to a milestone that did not have one, a new empty milestone is
created. Milestone items are closed when they are completed. Once all milestone
items in a milestone are closed, a dialog will apper asking you if you'd like to
close a minor or major milestone.

-- close all milestone items --

Closing a minor milestone will make the next minor milestone the active one
while closing the major milestone will make the first milestone of the next
major milestone the active one. When switching between projects, the active
milestone is always selected by default. The active milestone is indicated by
the white diamond with a black diamond inside. The fully black diamond
indicatens closed milestones while the fully white ones the future milestones.
The +0,1 part shows how many major and minor (summarized) milestones the current
selection is away from the active milestone. Finally the f:x/x and i:x/x labels
show how many features and issues the milestone has and how many are already
closed.

-- blend back the logo --

The application was designed with the aim to reduce the overhead as much as
possible and show what is need, when it is need it helping to navigate
through the development process.

-- cut --

